Added expiration days (if declared) to Apiary S3 bucket (#145)
ExpediaGroup/apiary-data-lake: VARIABLES.md

| apiary_domain_name | Apiary domain name for Route 53. | string | `` | no |
| apiary_log_bucket | Bucket for Apiary logs. | string | - | yes |
| apiary_log_prefix | Prefix for Apiary logs. | string | `` | no |

> | apiary_managed_schemas | Schema names from which S3 bucket names will be derived, corresponding S3 bucket will be named as apiary_instance-aws_account-aws_region-schema_name, along with S3 storage properties like storage class and number of days for transitions. See section [`apiary_managed_schemas`](#apiary_managed_schemas) for more info. For valid values for S3 Storage classes, Reference: https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/r/s3_bucket.html#storage_class | list of map | `<list of map>` | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| apiary_managed_schemas | List of maps - each map entry describes an Apiary schema, along with S3 storage properties for the schema. See section [`apiary_managed_schemas`](#apiary_managed_schemas) for more info. | list(map) | - | no |
```

| s3_inventory_format | Output format for S3 inventory results. Can be Parquet, ORC, CSV | string | `ORC` | no |
| s3_inventory_update_schedule | Cron schedule to update S3 inventory tables (if enabled). Defaults to every 12 hours. | string | `0 */12 * * *` | no |
| s3_lifecycle_policy_transition_period | Number of days for transition to a different storage class using lifecycle policy. | string  | `30` | no |

> | s3_object_expiration_days | Number of days after which objects in the Apiary S3 buckets expire | number | `null` | no

Reviewer: If my understanding is correct, we want to configure this for certain buckets only (things like analyst sandbox, scratch areas, etc).  But from this line where it is added as a module variable, and then in `s3.tf` where it is used as the default value if `s3_object_expiration_days` is *not* configured in the `apiary_managed_schemas` list of maps, it seems like the user of this module could end up configuring a value for this variable that could wipe out all their bucket objects inadvertently after the timer expires.

I am understanding this correctly?  If so, I strongly suggest we do NOT have an overall default value that is applied if the setting is not set on a per-bucket basis.  Was an overall default one of the requirements for this feature?

Reviewer: Also, the above line documents the overall default variable `s3_object_expiration_days`.  But we also need documentation about setting it per-bucket.  Could you update the documentation for `apiary_managed_schemas` to expand it to documenting *ALL* fields that are allowed in each map entry of `apiary_managed_schemas` (see documentation for `apiary_assume_roles` in this same file for an example).  Please add a section to `VARIABLES.md` that completely documents `apiary_managed_schemas`.  Yes, I know adding all the documentation is outside the scope of adding this one feature, but the longer we neglect it, the more it gets impossible to understand what `apiary_managed_schemas` does.

> | s3_object_expiration_days | Number of days after which objects in apiary managed schema buckets expire | number | `null` | no

Reviewer: Since you removed the variable from `variables.tf`, you need to remove this line too.

| allow_cross_region_access | If `true`, will allow this role to write these Apiary schemas in all AWS regions that these schemas exist in (in this account). If `false`, can only write in this region. | bool | `false` | no |

### apiary_managed_schemas

A list of maps. Schema names from which S3 bucket names will be derived, corresponding S3 bucket will be named as apiary_instance-aws_account-aws_region-schema_name, along with S3 storage properties like storage class and number of days for transitions.

An example entry looks like:
```
apiary_managed_schemas = [
  {
   schema_name = "sandbox"
   s3_lifecycle_policy_transition_period = "30"
   s3_storage_class = "INTELLIGENT_TIERING"
   s3_object_expiration_days = 60
  }
]
``` 
`apiary_managed_schemas` map entry fields:

Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|:----:|:-----:|:-----:|
| schema_name | Name of the S3 bucket. Full name will be `apiary_instance-aws_account-aws_region-schema_name`. | string | - | yes |
| s3_lifecycle_policy_transition_period | Number of days for transition to a different storage class using lifecycle policy. | string | "30" | No |

> | s3_storage_class | Destination S3 storage class for transition in the lifecycle policy. | string | "INTELLIGENT_TIERING" | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| s3_storage_class | Destination S3 storage class for transition in the lifecycle policy. For valid values for S3 Storage classes, reference: https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/r/s3_bucket.html#storage_class | string | "INTELLIGENT_TIERING" | No |
```

| schema_names | List of Apiary schemas that this role can read/write. | list(string) | - | yes |
| max_role_session_duration_seconds | Number of seconds that the assumed credentials are valid for.| string | `"3600"` | no |
| allow_cross_region_access | If `true`, will allow this role to write these Apiary schemas in all AWS regions that these schemas exist in (in this account). If `false`, can only write in this region. | bool | `false` | no |

### apiary_managed_schemas

> A list of maps. Along with S3 bucket name, each map corresponds to S3 storage properties. 

Reviewer: This exact same line (106) should be added to the description for `apiary_managed_schemas` on line 13, along with a section link to this section (please do it the same was as `apiary_assume_roles`).

Also, this section comes alphabetically after `apiary_assume_roles`, so it should be moved below.

An example entry looks like:
```
apiary_managed_schemas = [
  {
   schema_name = "sandbox"
   s3_lifecycle_policy_transition_period = "30"
   s3_storage_class = "INTELLIGENT_TIERING"
   s3_object_expiration_days = 60
  }
]
``` 
`apiary_managed_schemas` map entry fields:

Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|:----:|:-----:|:-----:|

> | schema_name | Name pf the s3 bucket. Full name will be `apiary_instance-aws_account-aws_region-schema_name`. | string | - | yes |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| schema_name | Name of the S3 bucket. Full name will be `apiary_instance-aws_account-aws_region-schema_name`. | string | - | yes |
```

> | s3_lifecycle_policy_transition_period | Number of days for transition to a different storage class using lifecycle policy | string | "30" | No |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| s3_lifecycle_policy_transition_period | Number of days for transition to a different storage class using lifecycle policy. | string | "30" | No |
```

> | s3_storage_class | Destination S3 storage class for transition in the lifecycle policy | string | "INTELLIGENT_TIERING" | No |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| s3_storage_class | Destination S3 storage class for transition in the lifecycle policy. | string | "INTELLIGENT_TIERING" | No |
```

> | s3_object_expiration_days | Number of days after which objects in apiary managed schema buckets expire | number | null | No

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| s3_object_expiration_days | Number of days after which objects in Apiary managed schema buckets expire. | number | null | No
```
